# Introduction about Project
This project is all about working and exploring the world data from the site **World Development Explorer** which gives information regarding many topics that are needed to analyze the world's situation. We can get information by comparing many factors like different topics and different indicators. There is a possibility to check based on particular region and country or set of countries(as per the requirement). We have an option to check through different zones of income like high income, low income or middle income along with different lending types. Moreover, we can work on the information based on time span by selecting the required time span. All this information can be viewed in different types of charts like Bubble chart, Bubble and Line chart, 3D Scatter, 2D Scatter, Bar chat, Line chart, Pie chart, Histogram chart, Boxplot chart, Choropleth chart, Sunburst chart and Table chart. Also there are different group by options, different styles for the charts to be displayed, height of the resulting chart and the language of the resulting chart. Below the resulting chart, there is a description about the type of chart that we selecte and some options related to that.
### What is in this analysis
- In my analysis, I would like to see information regarding Environment, Climate change and Health by taking these as the main topics and I have chosen Agricultural land(% land area), Population growth(annual %) and total population as indicators for the selected countries i.e., Brunei Darussalam, Malaysia and Sri Lanka. The time period that I have selected is from 1988 to 1995. And I have selected Country as my group by option and Ploty_dark as my style for the resulting chart with height 600 px in English language. Initially I have selected bubble chart to display the data during the selected time span where we can use different charts to see the data in different types in later times of the analysis.
### Why is this analysis
- This type of investivations must be conducted often to check the position or graph of the world whether it is climbing up for the better situations or falling down so that the government can take necessary actions according to the results of this kind of exploration. There will be possibility for the government to take care of its people ahead before the situation goes out of the hands. Also we can find the areas to be developed, fields to be given importance, zones to be concentrated for the better of each area, country and the finally the world.
